ann	impact	score	ann_s1	ann_s2	ann_h	color_h	color_h_description	ann_h_s	color_h_s	color_h_s_description
full_gene_loss	NA	5	deep_deletion	deep_deletion	Deep deletion	#ff42a8	pink	Deep deletion	#ff42a8	pink
trunc	NA	5	deep_deletion	deep_deletion	Deep deletion (partial)	#ff72be	light pink	Deep deletion (partial)	#ff72be	light pink
loh	NA	5	loh	loh	LOH	#663096	purple	LOH	#663096	purple
frameshift_variant	HIGH	5	frameshift	frameshift	Frameshift	#b53140	dark red	Frameshift	#b53140	dark red
rare_amino_acid_variant	HIGH	5	rare_amino_acid_variant	rare_amino_acid_variant	Rare amino acid variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
transcript_ablation	HIGH	5	transcript_ablation	transcript_ablation	Transcript ablation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
chromosome_number_variation	HIGH	4	chromosome_number_variation	chromosome_number_variation	Chromosome number variation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
exon_loss_variant	HIGH	4	exon_loss_variant	exon_loss_variant	Exon loss variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
start_lost	HIGH	4	nonsense	nonsense	Nonsense	#00BA38	green	Nonsense	#00BA38	green
stop_gained	HIGH	4	nonsense	nonsense	Nonsense	#00BA38	green	Nonsense	#00BA38	green
stop_lost	HIGH	4	nonsense	nonsense	Nonsense	#00BA38	green	Nonsense	#00BA38	green
splice_acceptor_variant	HIGH	4	essential_splice_variant	essential_splice_variant	Essential splice variant	#619CFF	blue	Essential splice variant	#619CFF	blue
splice_donor_variant	HIGH	4	essential_splice_variant	essential_splice_variant	Essential splice variant	#619CFF	blue	Essential splice variant	#619CFF	blue
missense_variant	MODERATE	3	missense	missense	Missense	#c3dac1	honeydew2	Missense	#FED744	yellow
coding_sequence_variant	MODERATE	3	coding_sequence_variant	coding_sequence_variant	Coding sequence variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
disruptive_inframe_deletion	MODERATE	3	frameshift_inframe_disruptive	frameshift_inframe_disruptive	Frameshift inframe disruptive	#da989f	light red	Frameshift inframe disruptive	#f58225	orange
disruptive_inframe_insertion	MODERATE	3	frameshift_inframe_disruptive	frameshift_inframe_disruptive	Frameshift inframe disruptive	#da989f	light red	Frameshift inframe disruptive	#f58225	orange
splice_region_variant	MODERATE	2	splice_region_variant	splice_region_variant	Splice region variant	#a0c3ff	light blue	Other	auto	auto
3_prime_UTR_truncation	MODERATE	2	UTR_truncation	UTR_truncation	UTR truncation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
5_prime_UTR_truncation	MODERATE	2	UTR_truncation	UTR_truncation	UTR truncation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
conservative_inframe_insertion	MODERATE	2	frameshift_inframe	frameshift_inframe	Frameshift inframe	#da989f	light red	Other	auto	auto
conservative_inframe_deletion	MODERATE	2	frameshift_inframe	frameshift_inframe	Frameshift inframe	#da989f	light red	Other	auto	auto
inframe_insertion	MODERATE	2	frameshift_inframe	frameshift_inframe	Frameshift inframe	#da989f	light red	Other	auto	auto
inframe_deletion	MODERATE	2	frameshift_inframe	frameshift_inframe	Frameshift inframe	#da989f	light red	Other	auto	auto
regulatory_region_ablation	MODERATE	2	regulatory_ablation	regulatory_ablation	Regulatory ablation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
TFBS_ablation	MODERATE	2	regulatory_ablation	regulatory_ablation	Regulatory ablation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
5_prime_UTR_premature_start_codon_gain_variant	LOW	1	UTR_variant	low_or_modifier	UTR variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
3_prime_UTR_variant	MODIFIER	1	UTR_variant	low_or_modifier	UTR variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
5_prime_UTR_variant	MODIFIER	1	UTR_variant	low_or_modifier	UTR variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
initiator_codon_variant	LOW	1	initiator_codon_variant	low_or_modifier	Initiator codon variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
TF_binding_site_variant	MODIFIER	1	TF_binding_site_variant	low_or_modifier	TF binding site variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
conserved_intergenic_variant	MODIFIER	0	intragenic_variant	low_or_modifier	Intragenic variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
conserved_intron_variant	MODIFIER	0	intron_variant	low_or_modifier	Intron variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
downstream_gene_variant	MODIFIER	0	downstream_gene_variant	low_or_modifier	Downstream gene variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
exon_variant	MODIFIER	0	exon_variant	low_or_modifier	Exon variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
feature_elongation	MODIFIER	0	feature_elongation	low_or_modifier	Feature elongation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
feature_truncation	MODIFIER	0	feature_truncation	low_or_modifier	Feature truncation	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
gene_variant	MODIFIER	0	gene_variant	low_or_modifier	Gene variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
intergenic_region	MODIFIER	0	intergenic_region	low_or_modifier	Intergenic region	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
intragenic_variant	MODIFIER	0	intragenic_variant	low_or_modifier	Intragenic variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
intron_variant	MODIFIER	0	intron_variant	low_or_modifier	Intron variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
mature_miRNA_variant	MODIFIER	0	mature_miRNA_variant	low_or_modifier	Mature miRNA variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
miRNA	MODIFIER	0	miRNA	low_or_modifier	miRNA	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
NMD_transcript_variant	MODIFIER	0	NMD_transcript_variant	low_or_modifier	NMD transcript variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
non_coding_transcript_exon_variant	MODIFIER	0	non_coding_variant	low_or_modifier	Non coding variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
non_coding_transcript_variant	MODIFIER	0	non_coding_variant	low_or_modifier	Non coding variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
regulatory_region_amplification	MODIFIER	0	regulatory_region_amplification	low_or_modifier	Regulatory region amplification	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
regulatory_region_variant	MODIFIER	0	regulatory_region_variant	low_or_modifier	Regulatory region variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
start_retained	LOW	0	synonymous_variant	low_or_modifier	Synonymous variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
stop_retained_variant	LOW	0	synonymous_variant	low_or_modifier	Synonymous variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
synonymous_variant	LOW	0	synonymous_variant	low_or_modifier	Synonymous variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
TFBS_amplification	MODIFIER	0	TFBS_amplification	low_or_modifier	TFBS amplification	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
transcript_amplification	MODIFIER	0	transcript_amplification	low_or_modifier	Transcript amplification	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
transcript_variant	MODIFIER	0	transcript_variant	low_or_modifier	Transcript variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
upstream_gene_variant	MODIFIER	0	upstream_gene_variant	low_or_modifier	Upstream gene variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
sequence_feature	NA	0	sequence_feature	low_or_modifier	Sequence feature	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
non_coding_exon_variant	NA	0	non_coding_variant	low_or_modifier	Non coding variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
protein_protein_contact	NA	0	protein_protein_contact	low_or_modifier	Protein protein contact	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
structural_interaction_variant	NA	0	structural_interaction_variant	low_or_modifier	Structural interaction variant	auto	auto	Other	auto	auto
none	NA	0	none	none	None	#FFFFFF	white	None	#FFFFFF	white